feat: flagd in-process provider (#412)
open-feature/java-sdk-contrib: providers/flagd/README.md

OpenFeatureAPI.getInstance().setProvider(flagd);
```

### In-process resolver

> This mode perform flag evaluations locally(in-process). Flag configurations for evaluations are obtained via gRPC protocol using [sync protocol buffer](https://buf.build/open-feature/flagd/file/main:sync/v1/sync_service.proto) service definition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This mode perform flag evaluations locally(in-process). Flag configurations for evaluations are obtained via gRPC protocol using [sync protobuf schema](https://buf.build/open-feature/flagd/file/main:sync/v1/sync_service.proto) service definition.
```
